On Peace
Peace to you all
those who follow my channel know
that I rarely discuss politics here
but today I wanted to talk about the subject of peace
because this issue is deeper and more important
than any cheep political considerations
for it lies at the heart of religion and civilization
in Judaism and Islam
The Torah describes a conflict
that erupted between Abraham and Lot's shepherds
"And there was strife
between the herdsmen of Abram’s livestock
and the herdsmen of Lot’s livestock
Then Abram said to Lot:
Let there be no strife between you and me
and between your herdsmen and my herdsmen
for we are kinsmen
Is not the whole land before you?
Separate yourself from me
If you take the left hand, then I will go to the right
or if you take the right hand, then I will go to the left
So Lot chose for himself all the Jordan Valley
and Lot journeyed east
Thus they separated from each other" (Genesis 13:7-11)
Peace between two sides never comes from weakness
on the contrary
it comes from a deep and true understanding
of political realities
and a wish to spare lives
so today I'd like to congratulate the Arab peoples
and especially the Emirate people
on this momentous day
best wishes to all my friends across the world
and peace be upon you